




Here will be listed every possible idea for areas in the game.  It's good to record these.





back alley
abandoned house
warehouse, with raccoons
rooftops
abandoned mine
underground artificial jungle

strange secret military stuff.  Lots of sneaking here.  Open courtyard
 with snipers; have to crawl below.  Need to think of a purpose for all the
 stuff...shady genetic engineering facility?  Do we want/need mutant
 monsters?

Power station, with high voltage thingamabobs

something that's off the outskirts of town, so you have to walk through a
 bit of rocky wilderness to reach it.  Perhaps the mine.

dark sewer connecting all or most areas

We need some weird places.
...how do we balance realism and weirdness?  And for that matter
 gameplayability?  How much story are we striving for?

At the bottom of the mine there can a cave with lava--and you have to wear
 a heat suit to enter.






Thinking as of 2011-11-13:

Currently I'm thinking that the game will take place in an unnamed eurasian
country, in an somewhat-modern-but-unspecified decade.  The country is gradually
recovering from a series of oppressive dictatorships (or maybe not so
recovering after all); and there are a lot of old secret military/scientific
projects that one or a few of the dictators spent a lot of money on (naturally
leaving the country's lower classes in poverty).  Here are some of the places
you'll come to:

- A robot factory, overseen by an ancient hacker trying to achieve immortality
through AI.  Possibly there are a couple younger assistant hackers as well.
As you go deeper into the facility, the robots you encounter become smarter and
more dangerous.

- An old and multi-faceted biology/medical science lab.  Originally a secret
genetic engineering project trying to achieve immortality through medicine.
These days a more public and legitimate medical facility, led by scientists who
do not know entirely the history of the facility they inhabit.  Deep down, the
creations of the old facility still roam free, including at least one human (or
"post-human" I guess).

- An expansive artificial jungle.  Commissioned by a rich leader who feared the
nuclear holocaust, and went way overboard, trying to preserve an Earth under
the Earth.  Since abandoned mostly, but still kept in running order by a small
family who think of themselves as something like farmers.  They get their energy
from...somewhere, I haven't decided.  Geothermal perhaps.

- A military base overseen by a somewhat-rogue faction in the military.  They
purchase robots from the factory in return for something.  At some point they
will come into conflict with the mad scientists' creations.  There is
opporunity for the player to pick sides.

- Having some sort of relationship to all of the above is a secret society to
which the heroine's father belonged before he was offed by somebody or other.  I
am unsure of the nature of this society, but there will probably be books from
it that serve as plot coupons.

- There may be an underground (metaphorically and maybe literally) "Church of
Science" that may or may not be related to the secret society.

There should be parts of this both above-ground and below-ground.  It'd be
easier to make most things below-ground, because urban environments are
difficult to deal with in a game, but we'll see.








